[docs] add 'configuring with eas.json' page (#9613)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.md

        "workflow": "generic"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The JSON object under the `builds` key contains the platforms that you want to build for. The example above declares that you want to build app binaries for both Android and iOS platforms.

Each object under the platform key can contain multiple build profiles. Every build profile can have an arbitrary name. The default profile that is expected by Expo CLI to exist is `release` (if you'd like to build your app using another build profile you need to specify it with a parameter - `expo eas:build --platform android --profile foobar`). In the example, there are two build profiles (one for Android and one for iOS) and they are both named `release`. However, they could be named `foo` or `bar` if you'd like to.

Generally, the schema of this file looks like this:

```json
{
  "builds": {
    "PLATFORM_NAME": {
      "BUILD_PROFILE_NAME_1": { ... },
      "BUILD_PROFILE_NAME_2": { ... },
      ...,
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

Where `PLATFORM_NAME` is one of `android` or `ios`.

## Build Profiles

There are two types of build profiles - generic and managed. _(Building managed projects is not supported at the moment.)_

> **Generic projects** make almost no assumptions about your project's structure. The only requirement is that you need to have the native code in the repository (as contrary to managed Expo projects). No matter if you've intialized your project with `expo init` or with `npx react-native init`, you should be able to build it with EAS Builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Generic projects** make almost no assumptions about your project's structure. The only requirement is that your project follows general structure of react-native project (`android` directory with Gradle project and `ios` directory with Xcode project). No matter if you've intialized your project with `expo init` or with `npx react-native init`, you should be able to build it with EAS Builds.
```

- `withoutCredentials` when set to `true`, Expo CLI won't require you to configure credentials when building the app using this profile. It comes in handy when you want to build debug binaries and the debug keystore is checked in to the repository. The default is `false`.
- `gradleCommand` defines the Gradle task to be run on Expo servers to build your project. You can set it to any valid Gradle task, e.g. `:app:assembleDebug` to build a debug binary. The default Gradle command is `:app:assembleRelease`.
- `artifactPath` is the path where EAS Builds is going to look for the build artifact. The default is `android/app/build/outputs/apk/release/app-release.apk`.

#### Examples

This is the minimal working example. Expo CLI will ask you for the app's credentials, the project will be built with the `./gradlew :app:assembleRelease` command, and you'll receive an archive containing the `android/app/build/outputs/apk/release/app-release.apk` file.

> ```json

Reviewer: I think that app-bundle should be default

  "gradleCommand": ":app:assembleDebug",
  "artifactPath": "android/app/build/outputs/apk/debug/app-debug.apk"
}
```

### Managed Project

Managed projects are not supported at the moment but the profile's schema is going to look like this:

```json
{
  "workflow": "managed",
  "credentialsSource": "local" | "remote" | "auto", // default: "auto"
  "buildType": "app-bundle" | "apk" // default: "app-bundle"
}
```

## iOS

### Generic Project

The schema of a build profile for a generic iOS project looks like this:

```json
{
  "workflow": "generic",
  "credentialsSource": "local" | "remote" | "auto", // default: "auto"
  "artifactPath": string // default: "ios/build/App.ipa"
}
```

- `"workflow": "generic"` indicates that your project is a generic one.
- `credentialsSource` defines the credentials source for the project build. If you want to take advantage of your own `credentials.json` file, set it to `local` ([learn more on this here](../advanced-credentials/)). If you always want to use credentials stored on Expo servers, choose `remote`. If you're not sure what to do but you probably won't be needing to run builds from a CI, choose `auto` (this is the default option).

> - `artifactPath` is the path where EAS Builds is going to look for the build artifact. The default is `ios/build/App.ipa`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `artifactPath` is the path where EAS Builds is going to look for the build artifact. The default is `ios/build/App.ipa`. You should modify that path only if you are using custom Gymfile.
```
